Youtube video[ Case study: Speech Recognition system

They have used a tool Landing lens to automate MLOps steps.

This year we will see lot of models going into prod ..how to manage life cycle and build frameworks around them??
1)	In addition to ML Model there are several other components which should be considered while deploying model in to production.
 

 


2)	ScopingDataModelingDeployment[Life Cycle]
Part 1 : Deployment
3)	Deployment Challenges:
Concept Drift : Definition of what is Y given X changes 
Data Drift: Distribution of X changes even if X->Y does not  change
        4)Common Deployment Patterns:
        First deployment will be different from maintenance.
               1)New Product
2)Automate with manual task
3)Replace previous ML System
        
      Shadow mode deployment --- ML System shadows Human and not used in any real decision.
      Canary deployment --- Rollout small fraction and monitor system then increase fraction gradually
      Blue Green Deployment – There is router which can switch traffic to old and new version

     Degree of Automation::: going from Human only to Fully automate systems

     5)Monitoring :
      i)Dashboard : Brainstorm metrices things that can go wrong. Track those metrices in dashboard.
      Gradually remove metrices which are not useful.
      Examples of metrices to track:
      a)Software metrices: Memory,compute,latency,throughput , server load
      b)Input metrices:
Avg input length, 
Avg input volume, 
Num missing values
              Avg image brightness
c)Output metrices:
              Times returns Null
              Times user redoes search
              Time user switch to typing
Tools need to be configured with input/output specific metrices.

Set threshold of alarms 
Adapts metrices over time

How Quickly Data changes:
Usually slower drift except e.g. covid 19 case
B2B applications can change fast e.g. company decides to stop making cell phones

Part 2 : Modelling
ML Model=Code + Data [ we need focus to train model on data now] + Hyperparameters

